Peter can you raise the seat up Peter
could you raise the seat up raise what
seat up or like we're super reclined
right now so when is apart Peter where
you get super hyped up
where's Luke the part where you get
super hyped up you get pumped you get
excited for the day this is this there's
like a rallying moment right okay well
Mississippi construye there's gonna be a
very raw documentary this is going so
far we're backstage with you guys and
you're casting I am cat everyone is
doing differently what you guys you guys
better win because I don't want to do
yeah we have ever be that's just
depressing
you know you can eat whatever scraps
they have for you in the catering area
you're getting paid at exposure all
right
you can eat the exposure I'm giving you
csgo team is in the finals against this
trellis right now the cameras are
rolling everything every name a game
we're winning there
we're backstage in the teamliquid room
right now I've never been back here
Mika's are here he's he's getting
excited you can tell he's pumped keep
the Cure update good sell the dark steel
ok so what's happening right now so
right now we are just getting this car
like mechanics warmed up the guys are
gonna be in some of the like the custom
games practice floor and then we have
about 10 more minutes until we do makeup
and then after that I come into a kind
of liquid match just like what did you
do before you guys had Academy tuned to
practice but because this is like kind
of a do fingering the year before we
didn't do any more we were also 10th
place at that time so that's still
equality everywhere
well we learned something ok you look at
that oh maybe it's race again yeah
anyone yeah that's he'll win and a
challenger has better shotcalling then
you're like five times the USS you know
I would be so fucking bad he didn't give
me once
wait
in fact you died was game is more
competitive than lady
oh my god he exploded the barrel he's
pushing me did she save it did you save
me my feet punched it up don't get me
justice how you prepare for games
yeah me and Eugene have a ritual we're
serving bio means yeah look at my name
it's a romaine oh you're not in silver
look at you
are you the problem Gio there's one
nearby here that let me go to a
partnership there Joe you just there Joe
where you go to that oh yeah have you
ever been in the video yeah actually I
wasn't the one dancing but I was on the
side you got chainsmokers song for the
season oh it's closing
when you're in this video Arthur Mendoza
I'm learning so much about how LCS teams
prepare so far they've been playing
mobile browser games
Jake is watching videos of himself at
dance studio for choreography things and
Steve is literally looking at other
teams and how much they're spending on
their own training facility so that's
how teams get ready here backstage wall
post I saw good energy and how much they
spent for any facility I feel
emasculated we can't begin to drink -
yes please yes please
it's okay let's just let's just go from
anyway
[Music]
what
or today well yesterday I use pink sorry
no no I'm so many camera dude I've had
someone I've had someone do that to me
though
Brenda think it was was it Bonnie it was
money okay just making sure is pure your
most difficult
I'm the easiest and fastest I think the
processes ask parolee relationship what
do you ask about some pewter or we're
getting dinner today with the players
wait what you can put makeup on a
bearded face Eugene doesn't want me to
get makeup why well it's a crossover
episode wow I think it's gonna make up
after Eugene some nice hair the best
part about thing mixtape is everybody
looking at me suspiciously everywhere
yeah like that yes exactly
okay
one of the few people that's not scared
of you right now we are in the make up
room I am next to me I've got Cassandra
who I didn't interview with everyone
should go check that out Wow cake a
makeup guys at cake a makeup one
instragram Avila is like obsessed with
the camera she's just a game for the
camera there's a camera and she gets in
front of it she's probably out of focus
I learned from the best the team is
gonna go back he's not even done yet but
he's always the last one oh why is he
always the last one I don't know he's a
straggler I just it was all just a dream
before I thought you were all naturally
this attractive but now I see it's all
just powder and they make a before and
after yeah we'll just show two pictures
of X with me right now one before and
one after and you guys will see now it's
my turn I'm experiencing what it's like
to be a pro fight hello players don't
want to wear this much on stage
when they're trying to focus on the game
I mean some of them like it but not most
yeah so we just kind of clean them up I
told you all that at my interview you
can wear it less today
are you threading them I know I'm
grooming you that's what he do male
grooming
stop the whole thing what what Wow
thank you what a great service everybody
if you want to get your makeup done just
do you'll just ask for Cassandra at the
front you'll be great
she'll take care of you tell them Travis
sent you so we're backstage right now we
can't show you hundred these but they're
right over there we can only show you
Team Liquid players and the tears are
right here look what I'm three why
[Music]
t-mobile's playing right now so I am
backstage and a lounge that only content
creators and team staff can get to or
whatever that's kind of what I am today
they are right here I'm eating a petal
DUP next to them
good luck PO belters well it's also
really cool as brought in somehow
figures out a way to swing around is
that right over there is where Steve and
Seb are casting game for the alt stream
so you got Steve over there doing this
thing I'm watching the games here I need
some food and living the good life while
these guys play their heart out and try
to win
like they were so fuckin tonight
how was it
well I got you can diet and then ended
up 50 CCS ahead because that makes so
much sense right now you guys are in a
good mood if you guys have lost that
would you just all not be talking and
walking back so clean no not really I
think it depends on how we lost it is
like we lost but we played pretty well
overall but it was like a few crucial
mistakes and so what happens now you
make a tweet and you had to crank that
Soulja Boy okay I was asking feetoes
question everyone right now super happy
if they all lost what would it be like
it would be pretty quiet okay yeah why
each other yeah we're not blaming each
other but we're fucking doing we
definitely I told you we need bingo is
that let's say you come in here in the
AfPak just yells at everybody you've
done you're done you're finished you're
over they once you start depressing that
one-liner think I love casting when you
guys win Wow
yeah Sebastian was a little depressed
cuz he lost those good guys okay we've
got fan interaction now I get to go
interact with my fans team like my fans
with your pants solo literally just
if I had a ghostwriter for my tweets
which is the exact same question that
here guys as you two days ago chew on
that you were definitely a ghost writing
your tweets don't let me not figured why
not do how does why does everyone ask me
the same cuz you are way funnier on your
tweets than you are in first like you
this is Olivia by the way she films
squad along with Caroline should that
grab this is Olivia and Caroline a film
squad you're gonna watch squad on the
Team Liquid YouTube channel and anyone
else want to go to Jersey Mike's after
this photo of you with Jersey legs let's
go do you charge that's alright that's
our tradition we usually did we usually
just draft we get so famished from
playing else yes what do you do at the
local State Farm I just get car
insurance every day wow that's
impressive
yeah I've seen a montage of you see that
touch the fucking gone though nothing's
wrong with this here I think people just
like touching buildings all right so now
we're here I'm taking pictures with all
the fans of me and Team Liquid that's
what happens what am i doing right now
what are you doing right now yeah what
is if I'm not wearing a Hawaiian shirt
that means old what am i doing I'd say
you were a penny does that mean I get
sick I got this bag on the cutest little
tail for you to wear later
came all the way from Texas oh wow
okay
is that Rachel Feinberg he says he says
that this shirt makes you look like a 65
year old man he's dissing the shirt
sitting married someone comes up
how you dress so much better now really
[Music]
now get this for $35,000 specialist yeah
you know this cookie has the consistency
of chalk this is the most negative video
I've ever produced
Peters I love them I love it I love
chocolate layer cake she did agree that
you should interview the Koreans English
so tree Sophie hi you know what you know
what wait did you watch Infinity Ward
yeah Avengers the famous line in
infinity where at the end is I don't
feel so good mr. stark and impact tried
to quote that and he said my feeling not
good mr. stark it was so funny I should
work harder to teach you better here are
all these hot means right now and then
everyone on the tube you just starting
to say like my feeling not good mystery
in bags can you all the time I was
telling Sophie about my feeling not good
mr. stark yeah I was telling her about
that in the line that you throwing you
under the bus
no I that was like the funniest shit in
the world dude are you kidding me she
didn't find it funny yeah and he's like
one of my students is embarrassing me
she doesn't go hot I'm gonna be doesn't
know how to meme right after Sunday's do
you guys feel relieved
like no it's too easy Oh
one day break time let's go drink the
Olli chef yay I love Travis sure
I love Brenda he's my kinder teacher why
people say timber is bad well it's like
it's not dirty yeah well we're back at
the a WTF I guess they come back here
after their games are done so that they
can do review do some interview content
for their shows and all that stuff so
that's happening on right now and I I
don't know I guess my day is done this
was so easy pro players have it so easy
I go to there I have to be there for all
five games I do all these interviews I
do all this hard work I should have
actually just been a pro or working with
a team because they just walk in and
walk out easy day I had a lot of fun I
hope you guys did too this was really
neat thank you so much to Team Liquid
for throwing this out there as an idea
watch that content watch squad the I did
realize how much effort they put into
the show whenever I was there and it's
just kind of cool to like check out
stuff so thanks again to Team Liquid the
staff and all the players for this other
than that thank you so much and thank
you to all nice flash for sponsoring my
LCS content I want to make sure that you
guys know that they helped out covering
at the cost of this as well so thank you
the Omni slash thanks to all you guys
subscribe to the YouTube channel and bye
[Music]
you